Add shield iks4a1 (#67912)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/shields/x_nucleo_iks4a1/doc/index.rst

I2C bus "SENS_I2C". LSM6DSO16IS, LIS2DUXS12 and SHT40AD1B remains connected
to the main bus "uC_I2C" coming from the external board.

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 5-6 (HUB1_SDx = SENS_SDA)
 - J5: 5-6 (HUB1_SDx = SENS_SDA)

Mode 4: DIL24 SensorHub Mode
============================

In case a sensor with sensor hub embedded functionality is mounted to the
board through DIL24 adapter, it is possible to exploit this functionality
as for LSM6DSO16IS and the LSM6DSV16X. In this configuration, may be necessary
to connect the DIL24 to the external board through SPI lines in order to
avoid an address conflict on I2C bus with the LSM6DSO16IS and the LSM6DSV16X.
This is done by changing the SBx configuration.

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 9-10 (DIL_SDx = SENS_SDA)
 - J5: 9-10 (DIL_SDx = SENS_SDA)

Mode 5: LSM6DSO16IS as Qvar controller
======================================

In this configuration, it is possible to use the equipped Qvar swipe electrode
(by plugging it on JP6 and JP7 connectors) through the LSM6DSO16IS.

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 3-4 (HUB1_SDx = QVAR1)
 - J5: 3-4 (HUB1_Scx = QVAR2)

> 

Reviewer: Some words about the specifics of the 3 overlays could be useful and how they interact with each other, if they do.

Author: OK, I'll try to describe more the three modes (and overlays) that this shield zephyr implementation is providing.

Author: ok, added some words... (not too many :D )

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 5-6 (HUB1_SDx = SENS_SDA)
 - J5: 5-6 (HUB1_SDx = SENS_SDA)

Mode 4: DIL24 SensorHub Mode
============================

In case a sensor with sensor hub embedded functionality is mounted to the
board through DIL24 adapter, it is possible to exploit this functionality
as for LSM6DSO16IS and the LSM6DSV16X. In this configuration, may be necessary
to connect the DIL24 to the external board through SPI lines in order to
avoid an address conflict on I2C bus with the LSM6DSO16IS and the LSM6DSV16X.
This is done by changing the SBx configuration.

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 9-10 (DIL_SDx = SENS_SDA)
 - J5: 9-10 (DIL_SDx = SENS_SDA)

Mode 5: LSM6DSO16IS as Qvar controller
======================================

In this configuration, it is possible to use the equipped Qvar swipe electrode
(by plugging it on JP6 and JP7 connectors) through the LSM6DSO16IS.

The board configuration is:

 - J4: 3-4 (HUB1_SDx = QVAR1)
 - J5: 3-4 (HUB1_Scx = QVAR2)

Devicetree Overlays
*******************

There are three predefined DT overlays in the board:

- :zephyr_file:`boards/shields/x_nucleo_iks4a1/x_nucleo_iks4a1.overlay`

>   This overlay describe sensor connections (and requires h/w configuration to be)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This overlay describes sensor connections (and matching h/w configuration to be done)
```
